Document CPU and memory requirements, k3d clean-up, and install latest Capact cmds (#101)
capactio/website: docs/installation/local.mdx

# Local Installation

Use Capact CLI to create a local Kubernetes cluster and install Capact on it.

## Prerequisites

- [Docker](https://www.docker.com/) installed
- Capact CLI installed according to the [Getting Started](./../cli/getting-started.mdx#install) guide

### CPU and memory requirements

Capact consists of multiple components, which you can find in [`deploy/kubernetes/charts`](https://github.com/capactio/capact/tree/main/deploy/kubernetes/charts). Make sure that Docker has enough resources to install Capact properly.

> #### Minimal:
> - 2CPUs
> - 4GB
> 
> #### Recommended:
> - 4CPUs
> - 8GB

Reviewer: As I suggested earlier, consider such a minor change:

(especially it would be good to clarify that the gigabytes refer to RAM)

```suggestion
#### Minimal:
- 2 CPU cores
- 4GB RAM

#### Recommended:
- 4 CPU cores
- 8GB RAM
```

# Local Installation

Use Capact CLI to create a local Kubernetes cluster and install Capact on it.

## Prerequisites

- [Docker](https://www.docker.com/) installed
- Capact CLI installed according to the [Getting Started](./../cli/getting-started.mdx#install) guide

### CPU and memory requirements

> Capact consists of multiple components, which you can find in [`deploy/kubernetes/charts`](https://github.com/capactio/capact/tree/main/deploy/kubernetes/charts).
> 
> One of the components is Neo4j. Unfortunately, its usage, significantly increases CPU and memory consumption. Due to this fact, you need to make sure that Docker has enough resource to install Capact properly.
> 
> Our recommendation is:
> - Minimal:
>   - 2CPUs
>   - 4GB
> - Recommended:
>   - 4CPUs
>   - 8GB

Reviewer: > One of the components is Neo4j. Unfortunately, its usage, significantly increases CPU and memory consumption. 

I know that we all feel sorry for introducing Neo4j as a dependency 😄, but I think we don't need to mention that here.

```suggestion
Capact consists of multiple components, which you can find in [`deploy/kubernetes/charts`](https://github.com/capactio/capact/tree/main/deploy/kubernetes/charts). Make sure that Docker has enough resources to install Capact properly.

#### Minimal
- 2 CPU cores
- 4GB RAM
  
#### Recommended
- 4 CPU cores
- 8GB RAM
```

> ### Docker configuration
> 
> Please check the [Docker manual](https://docs.docker.com/desktop/mac/#resources) in order to learn how to configure CPU and memory.
> 
> <div style={{textAlign: 'center'}}>
> 
> ![docker-settings](./assets/docker-settings.png)
> 
> </div>
> 
> 
> 

Reviewer: We need to clarify that this is macOS-only thing. Also, I wouldn't create a dedicated section, as it refers to CPU and memory requirements.
What do you think about creating a note from it?

```suggestion
:::note 

While on Linux Docker runs natively, being able to use all CPU and memory if needed, on macOS you need to configure resources manually for Docker virtual machine.

Please check the [Docker manual](https://docs.docker.com/desktop/mac/#resources) in order to learn how to configure CPU and memory.

<div style={{textAlign: 'center'}}>

![docker-settings](./assets/docker-settings.png)

</div>

:::
```

Result:
<img width="1034" alt="Screenshot 2022-01-26 at 09 53 46" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/7155799/151132380-d7641990-84ea-4ddf-a110-0b8d2f00b160.png">

If you don't like it, then we can keep it as a separate subheader (h4) under "CPU and memory requirements"), but it would need to be named as something like "macOS-specific Docker configuration".

capact environment create k3d --wait 5m
```

:::note
You can customize the behavior with additional flags. See all the options in the [`capact environment create k3d`](../cli/commands/capact_environment_create_k3d.md) command documentation.
:::

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

## Install Capact

Once you have your local Kubernetes cluster set up, install Capact. You can choose from two types of release channels: **Stable** and **Latest**:

- The **Stable** channel refers to the official [Capact releases](https://github.com/capactio/capact/releases).
- The **Latest** channel refers to the latest successful build from the commit on the [Capact repository `main` branch](https://github.com/capactio/capact/commits/main).

:::tip
By default all Capact components are installed. You can disable monitoring installation to reduce time and resource consumption.

To install Capact without `monitoring`, add the `--install-component=capact,neo4j,ingress-nginx,argo,cert-manager,kubed` flag to the `capact install` command.
:::

<Tabs
	groupId="ref"
	defaultValue="stable"
	values={[
		{label: 'Stable', value: 'stable'},
		{label: 'Latest', value: 'latest'},
	]}>
<TabItem value="stable">

> 

Reviewer: And to be consistend with "latest" tab:
```suggestion

To install the latest stable Capact version, run:
```

Author: discussed - not valid

```bash
capact install
```

Wait for the command to finish.

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="latest">

> 

Reviewer: I would explain what "latest" means for us:

```suggestion

To install Capact from the latest commit on `main` branch, run:
```

Author: discussed - not valid

To remove your local Kubernetes cluster created in the [Create local Kubernetes cluster](#create-local-kubernetes-cluster) section, run the following command:

<Tabs
groupId="ref"
defaultValue="kind"
values={[
{label: 'Kind', value: 'kind'},
{label: 'K3d', value: 'k3d'},
]}>
<TabItem value="kind">

```bash
capact environment delete kind
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="k3d">

```bash
capact environment delete k3d
```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

> :::note
> This command deletes the local cluster with all data, including history of executed Actions and created TypeInstances. Make sure you cleaned up all external resources (e.g. managed PostgreSQL databases) based on the TypeInstance data.
> :::

Reviewer: I would move this note above the tabs, to avoid the situation someone runs one of the commands, and then reads the note 😄 
And also I would recommend using `danger`:

 ```suggestion
:::danger
This command deletes the local cluster with all data, including history of executed Actions and created TypeInstances. Before running it, make sure you cleaned up all external resources (e.g. managed PostgreSQL databases) based on the TypeInstance data.
:::
```
